The Asano family is not the Asano family of the Asano family.
The Asano family cannot be lost to the Chonin nobles of the Asano family.
The king, Mr. Kurobe, and the people of the Chonin nobles will die for this.
We should forget the differences between the two sides of the same coin.
The Chonin nobles and the samurai nobles should be treated as nobles.
We should work for the sake of the nobles.
Junai, sir.
Yes.
I will return to Kyoto.
I will ask for the blessing of the god of the nobles, Kachiyu Ichido,
to be placed on the white sand of the five gates of the five books.
I ask for the blessing of the god of the nobles, Kachiyu Ichido,
Now the nobles have left.
For the sake of the nobles,
I will go to the white sand of the five gates of the five books.
To the three nobles of the nobles,
I offer my life.
I am ready to show you the darkness of this place, this time, and this place.
I will go to the north of the Chitae.
I will draw a beautiful flower in the blood.
The bell of the nobles rings in the middle of the night.
The bell of the nobles rings.